This program allows you to access data on restaurant ratings of a specific cuisines in a specific city, state. I was able to access this data from two different sources: Yelp Fusion and Google Nearby Places APIs.
In order to do so, I created a new project and obtained an API key from google places from this website: https://developers.google.com/places/web-service/search. Additionally, I accessed data from Yelp by obtaining a token to conduct HTTP Basic authorization, which required me to insert in the parameters the token received from yelp fusion. The Google and Yelp keys are stored in secrets.py so that they are not accessed by other individuals. A yelp account was also required to access this data. Additionally, to run the program, please set up a plotly account to be able to view plotly charts. Follow the instructions on this website: https://plot.ly/python/getting-started/.

My program is structured as such, on a broader basis. When the program is run, Interactive_stuff() is run which processes all commands. When initially launched, a new database is created with new tables and the data is populated through create_db and populate_tables. after that, the inputted information is processed. Data calls are made within functions based on user's input on city and state as well as specific types of restaurants via get_yelp_data (to get data from Yelp) and get_google_data to get data from Google, unless the data is already in the cache. The data is cached as a dictionary of lists of dictionaries. Each outer dictionary represent one query. The key to this dictionary is the parameters of the query: city, state and type of restaurant. The list corresponding to that outer dictionary's key is a list of dictionaries that represent each records or restaurant that the specific query produced. The embedded dictionaries include data specific to each restaurant.    

Here's my 'help' command that gives a user an overview of the program and the commands that are available to users.

This program will allow you to explore three types of cuisines in a specific city and state. Here are the available commands and their required inputs:
Restaurant types: you have a selection of 12 cuisines available and they are as follows: Indian, German, Mexican, Chinese, Italian, Japanese, Greek, French, Thai, Pizza, Mediterranean, Spanish.
Commands:
 1) Combined average - this functionality will provide you with the overall average ratings of restaurants that fall into each of the three categories from both Google and Yelp. Example input: combined average, Ann Arbor, MI: Indian, Mexican, Thai. all input parameters are required.
2) Specific average allows you to get the same data as combined average but only from one type of rating company Google or Yelp. Example query: specific average, Ann Arbor, MI, Yelp: Indian, Mexican, Thai. All input parameters are required.
